Background:  Owari is a two-player, alternating-move, zero-sum game of complete information. Each player (called SOUTH and NORTH) has six pits lined up horizontally in front of them, and a "goal" pit on the side to the player’s right. The board will be represented as a picture:
   3 3 3 3 3 3
0                   0
   3 3 3 3 3 3
Here, SOUTH’s pits are at the bottom and goal pit at the right, while NORTH’s pits are at the top and goal pit at the left. The picture above shows the starting configuration for every game: each pit has 3 stones in it, except for the goal pits which are empty.

To make a move, a player chooses one of the six pits on his or her side of the board (the chosen pit must have stones in it) and redistributes (or "sows") the stones one-by-one going counterclockwise around the board, starting with the pit following the one picked. The opponent's goal pit, if reached, is skipped. For the purposes of this implementation, the pits on SOUTH's side are numbered 0 to 5, with pit 6 being the SOUTH's goal pit, while NORTH 's pits are numbered 7 to 12 from right to left (i.e., continuing counter-clockwise) and NORTH's goal pit is pit number 13. If SOUTH moves first and chooses to move from pit number 4, the resulting position would be:
   3 3 3 3 3 4
0                   1
   3 3 3 3 0 4

Capturing: If the last stone of a player's move falls into an empty pit on the moving player's side of the board, then any stones in the pit opposite to it are captured and placed in the moving player's goal pit. For instance, if it were SOUTH’s turn in the position shown above, SOUTH could choose to move from pit number 1, and the resulting configuration would be:
   3 3 3 3 0 4
0                   4
   3 0 4 4 1 4
Note that all of the stones from pit number 8 have been captured and placed in SOUTH’s pit.

Ending the game: The game is over when either player empties all six pits on their side of the board. The other player then takes all of the remaining stones from their own side, and places them in their goal pit. Players then count the stones in their goal pits. The player with the most stones is the winner.
